# Trybe-X-BootcampIntroduction Trybe_X is an upcoming community that is focusing on, bringing the knowledge of the Internet to individuals and not only that, also monitoring them and picking the best among them to tag along. As we all know that the world today is really advancing in technology, so there is absolute need for we the youth to focus on this aspect (internet). RE-CAP ON WEEK ONE LESSON WITH TRYBE X For those who participated we could all tell that it was very intense as we were told from the beginning and a lot was learnt , whereby something’s that eg. I felt doesn’t concern web developers really concern us and seem to be one of the basics or let me say foundation. Below are list of some things learnt this week: Introduction to the Internet: We were made to know that the Internet begins as a US-funded research project in the year 1960s, and the evolved into a public infrastructure in the 1980’s with the support of many public Universities and private companies. A Simple Network : Where we learnt that for two computers to communicate they could only be linked either Physically(Ethernet cable) or Wirelessly(Wifi or Bluetooth) A Simple Network : Where we learnt that for two computers to communicate they could only be linked either Physically(Ethernet cable) or Wirelessly(Wifi or Bluetooth) Introduction to web technologies: were we had an overview of what HTML, CSS, JavaScript is about, and also introduction to web browsers.e.t.c. Basics of command line: introduction to terminal e.t.c. Introduction to web technologies. CONCLUSION I would like to conclude that with the way the learning system is going in Trybe_X BootCamp as long as the participant is willing and ready to learn about the Internet, he/she would surely achieve what either of them came for, because of the target set by the community. I would also use this medium to recommend this community for anyone from any angle of the world precisely Africa at large that is looking for a community or where to learn about the Internet 🛜, they don’t only focus on Web development, if you read my article at the beginning u would see that i said they focus on bringing the knowledge of the Internet to individuals. That is to say they also tutor or mentor those interested in learning UI/UX design . I am a student willing to become a Full-stack programmer(Front and back end user) andi am very sure that with the lessons and tutor I am receiving from my Teachers at Trybe_X I would achieve my goal. 
